= Rack Upload Basket

A basket to upload files asynchronously.

This gem aims to provide a very simple and swift interface for asynchronous file
uploads.

FIXME : MOAR DOC !

This project was inspired by the already great inline_uploader gem by Freels.
You may check it out at : https://github.com/freels/inline_uploader

== Contributing to rack-upload-basket
 
* Check out the latest master to make sure the feature hasn't been implemented
  or the bug hasn't been fixed yet
* Check out the issue tracker to make sure someone already hasn't requested it
  and/or contributed it
* Fork the project
* Start a feature/bugfix branch
* Commit and push until you are happy with your contribution
* Make sure to add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a
  future version unintentionally.
* Please try not to mess with the Rakefile, version, or history. If you want to
  have your own version, or is otherwise necessary, that is fine, but please
  isolate to its own commit so I can cherry-pick around it.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2010 Michel Belleville.
This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
(at your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with this program.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.

See LICENSE.txt for further details.

